hi everyone this is Anson from Anson
Alex calm and today I'm going to be
reviewing the mobile telephoto lens in
tripod I purchased it off Amazon it was
$28 here's what the box looks like I
actually purchased it specifically for
the tripod and thought well ok the lens
will be kind of a cool add-on I needed
to tripod for some of the video
production I do but I really really like
the lens I'm actually going to show you
some photos that I've taken with the
lens and then the same object without
the lens to show you how much it
actually zooms in and I'm also going to
show you how to go ahead and set up all
of the materials with your phone and
what comes in the box so I hope it helps
and enjoy
okay so here are all the materials that
come in the box and of course my iPhone
so you bet your iPhone here is the lens
that we are going to attach to the end
of our iPhone we also have a case that
we actually have to put our iPhone in
because the lens is going to screw into
this part of the case over here and then
we've got our tripod over here to the
right and this piece right here is going
to screw on top of our tripod so that we
can hold our phone in its case okay and
then we've also got a little cleaning
cloth and then we also have a bag to put
all of our materials in so let's go
ahead and let's take a look at how we
can put all this together the first
thing that you're going to want to do is
you're going to want to put your phone
into to each case okay and then what
you're going to want to do is go ahead
and screw the lens the small side onto
the back of the case now once you've
done that you actually have a phone with
a lens on it that you could carry around
you can take pictures with this you just
go into your camera app you can go ahead
and you can start taking pictures okay
so now what we want to do is we want to
just quickly put the tripod together so
when you get this tripod you're going to
notice that there's this little piece
that's come up to the side it's for the
packaging purposes so if you untwist the
side thing over here this is actually
the phone is going to sit on top of this
so you want this screw facing directly
upwards so get that screw facing
directly up and then go ahead screw this
side one tight and now go ahead and take
this piece the camera is actually going
to fit inside of that we can just
stretch it out it's elastic and go ahead
and screw this piece right on to the top
so once you have that nice and tight you
can go ahead take your camera and you
can lift up on the latch on the top and
slide your camera into the tripod your
phone camera into the tripod so you can
see we've got our iPhone this is an
iPhone 5 they make this system this
tripod in lens for iPhone 4s iPhone 4s
is an iPhone 5 so whichever iPhone you
have as you can see you can
move the iPhone around the cases the
tripod is pretty sturdy that's the one
thing you do want to be careful of that
the tripod doesn't actually fall over
but you can now take very smooth
pictures that are zoomed in now I'm
going to show you a few couple before
and after pictures you can see that I
have one picture right here of a
building this is with the full zoom on
the lens all the way zoomed into this
building that's very far away now let me
show you what it looks like this picture
without the lens you can see that
there's a huge difference you can't even
really see the building it's actually
that little building right in the middle
if I just circle that for you here and
then you can see this other picture was
taken inside of my apartment of my cat
the first one is all the way zoom down
on my iPhone without the lens you can
see I can't really see too much detail
in this picture now when I put the lens
on my phone and take the same picture I
actually am NOT even close to zoomed in
all the way I'm not even zoomed in
halfway and I have a very detailed
close-up shot of my cat so you can see
if the lens definitely makes a big
difference I'm quite impressed so far
and it's definitely something that I'm
going to make use of so if you have any
questions comments go ahead and leave
them in the comment section below
if you enjoyed this video I'd appreciate
a thumbs up here on YouTube and if you
want to see more technology in tips from
Anton Alex calm go ahead and subscribe
to my youtube channel that's all I have
you today hope it helps